1) Facebook/Instragram initially denies they are discriminating based on sex/gender claiming that their algorithms do not take sex/gender into account.  Users counter by saying that the algorithm clearly does take gender into account if switching their sex/gender on the platform yields different outcomes.  To what extent do you agree with this Facebook/Instagram?  To what extent do you agree with the users? 

I do not agree with the users, I haven't seen data to support their claim, just anecdotes. Is it possible that switching their sex on the platform yields different outcomes because if one switches their sex in hopes of not being flagged, they might take other actions in order to not be flagged? It hasn't been studied in a rigorous manner with all other variables being kept the same, so we have not properly deduced that it's true, and I personally just doubt that it is. If it is true, then it's a problem.

2) One issue that arises in the articles is the statistic that Facebook "...proactively flag 96% of posts containing nudity that get removed".  How do you think this statistic is being computed? Explain why this statistic does NOT address the pole dancer's concerns.

It doesn't measure the percentage of posts that don't contain nudity that get removed.

3) There is discussion in these articles about the need to censor explicit content online in order to block sex trafficking from happening on these platforms.  This seems to have led to the platforms blocking more content that is not actually explicit.  Can you think of other examples of people/businesses who may be experiencing the effects of this choice?  Do you have a personal feeling as to whether or not this change is a good thing?

I personally think it's a great thing. Instagram is mostly unusable to me now, I follow no sex workers and yet when I browse IG almost every post is extremely sexual, and otherwise has no substance. Sexual content on social media is a cancer, it is extremely prevalent, extremely devisive and manipulative, and it is a nearly inescapable cycle for most men. I personally don't think that "pole dancers, fitness instructors, and sex workers" are the right people to be making the case that perfectly non-sexual content is being removed. If you want to convince me that the algorithm is wrongly convicting people at an unreasonable scale and frequency, show me all of these clearly non-sexual normal posts that are wrongly removed. All those articles did was show me women in underwear poledancing, women laying on beds suggestively, and cherry picked and conveniently cropped examples of removed posts. The people/businesses who are experiencing the effects of this are sex workers who are misusing the platform. 